Carlos last trip now we're going to
teach you one of my favorite tricks one
of the longest tricks I've ever known
since I was a little kid is the
handstand cake
well first of all you want to know how
to handstand on flat first without
you're gonna skateboard otherwise this
trick you'll fall on your face and I
don't want you guys have to go to the
dentist you know so that was ever fun
the secret is to just learn how to
handstand and you basically want to grab
the nose in the tail when you're doing
it don't grab any part of the other
board otherwise it doesn't work at all
you won't have any sense of balance
second part to get it done is you
basically want to kind of flex your arms
down you want to bend your knees and how
it works is two steps you want to kick
your legs up and out as hard as you can
and push up as you're kicking but what I
learned growing up is that you don't
want it to flip right away you want it
to actually just try to push up kick and
just land on the board regularly
eventually you'll work your way up with
enough strength to actually flip the
board a lot of people that I try to
teach this to grown up there basically
afraid of their handset on concrete
which is understandable you don't
concrete hurts so when I was growing up
I kind of just got softer you know spots
to try it on like anything from grass
maybe carpet maybe a trampoline if you
can anything that softer you can use so
what I'm going to show you one is on
grass okay what you do is you use your
hands okay grab it nose and tail jump up
bend your arms donkey kick your legs and
just pull your fingers back
you're just right past em flip works
every time it's one of the more
consistent tricks if you understand it
okay if you guys know this job when I
did it I basically kicked my legs so
it's a player I play steps are kick your
legs first push your arms up and release
it and that's how you landed it
eventually you're gonna get enough
strength to do the flip the flip works
you don't really throw the board you're
gonna use your fingers and only your
fingers so as soon as you kick take your
fingers and you just kind of pull them
up instead of throwing them towards you
because if you throw them towards you're
gonna get a shin and that's never fun
throwing up and three steps and it
should work out fine I mean it's one of
those tricks it's really hard to get it
done but I've seen a lot of people do it
in my life so it was my inspirational
trick right up and I hope you guys get
out there and enjoy
you